toilet paper in your back good afternoon you are
Russians
you see hands there
where you from here I am from ukraine the city of
khmelnytsky and reasons for marching how you
look more like a dude but where are you from but
with russia its where the republic is some kind of a
republic of altai well the altar you who are drilling
l there cola  light, like the Altaians, there is no blood of
the primal nationality before their such nationality,
it’s like there’s no such work screw
here’s the principle of the Wentworth of the nation
you klintsy from Tula or from the Altai Territory with
my chair and broke it melts yours but it’s
worth it’s your cap for the same passed
this is the main one, as we already have a puck somewhere,
your boss, of course, yes, and in the morning tell me
twinset I’m very interested that you
got it, remember, I’m collecting the opinion of Russians,
that’s why people from Tuva from Buryatia go to
die in Ukraine, why for what they
don’t die, they  they die they die
your plane chair flew a mortar bowl to
about the recession look okay how do you
explain this one that he recently
slaughtered by 130 how much
133 4 4 yes there  it’s beautiful
that a Tuvan personally stabbed the Nazis with a knife of 3000 m, then the
Nazis were stabbed to death shorter than sleeping
, and this led them out of captivity,
there were up to 680, you set
shorter, 60 of your prisoners are shorter, there are
40 Nazis, one Tuvan comes with a knife,
can you imagine how much you need to
cut shorter than 34 people
with a cold weapon correctly with a nose or
how long it takes that's how much
it takes 34 people to kill how long it takes
that's how you think no one stirred it for an hour
but you
really believe in these fairy tales it's more interesting I
don't argue you have Dvinsky just super
fighters in short you are the notes here yourself  do
you believe that 30 people can be
just like that if there is no hero of Russia and
why they gave it because you need to know
how to show there kuzhugetovich left him
in his homeland, then he awards his boys with medals,
sort of like if some
blonde told me, I would still believe
when the boys who are there  I seem to have
combat experience there, but that is, you understand what
a movie is for a ram, I tried to slaughter a
ram, then just slaughter a ram
3234 now I would have slaughtered a sheep not 2 but a brother of the
stage time it’s [ __ ] hard not to
skin him [ __ ] a righteous man so
slaughter him and he wheezes yelling this is how
it cuts one
burning person if it’s good
gardening the place is [ __ ]
at a certain point on the collar before them
hatch  not and next to this, look, they walked, it’s a
pity the t-34 is nothing a kilometer from one
another, he enters the barracks in the
first place, everyone is sleeping and the elders are so well, the
guards stand and
they turn out he passes and he stupidly
shortest of all did not slaughter the
terminator rooks here
this news was laughing at us more than shortly
with the news they shot down the old bayraktar it’s
funny well tell me just why
do you live there right next to Mongolia so
why do you need to go to a foreign country to
Europe to kill someone and die for
what to kill Nazis Nazis
Bandera dates are such Bandera people,
you are serious, it’s right for
you to kill the Nazis BDR so that it’s easier for you
to go
you, I live in Ukraine, so you
live in some kind of
about muhosransk, a good hour is there under mongolia, so there are many thousands of kilometers here and you understand better than me what is happening here, the truth is, it’s easier to deny everything, why why are sanctions imposed on russia if if ukraine did genocide here, why is it not a normal start to the world feast to ukraine spectator-sized ukraine gets [ __ ] from russia, how not to help, that is, it turns out on the net for all these years ukraine has been killing the case of genocide, but sanctions have imposed fords on russia, so come on, why, why, but a large number of vidos pop up on the net where crests throw something there ridges here are something there in russia look you have football fans in russia who throw ridges and in russia there are Russian marches shouting russia for russians moscow for muscovites there is something like it refers to Nazism there are chumps calls you there is such a condition there is one so I don’t perceive nationalism, the process of looking like some kind of Asians to second-class Nazis and nationalism is different  understand
nationalism is to praise only your
mouth and belittle the rest, that is, to
nationally
praise [ __ ] hitler here
you have it in Russia so recently the head of
Roskosmos Rogozin was there you know
how personal he is personally sitting yes
you can now google Rogozin qigong right from another phone
and go nuts
oh come on look it was
thrown by a man ridge he was made the head of Roskosmos
to receive
in power
but why don’t you wait here you
definitely have Nazis in power but you are
going somewhere freeing us Jews
in general the new president how can he be
Nazis if  the Nazis exterminated the Jews
, we now have a Jewish president
because he’s in power, in fact
, it doesn’t work out that way, our president is a Nazi
Jew, it turns out yes, it’s
very contradictory with you Tuvans and
Turinians tell us that we have a
Jewish president Nazi to go nuts okay
look look but
purely  hypothetically, if the
west had helped in me, you would have folded even earlier
because  there was a country the size of a
thimble, I can just lure you on foot,
do we have a country larger than France,
for example, let's leave proud and if the
West helped us it was hard and helped us and
what would
you have and help us find here
now for you and what she
see you saw  statistics from which
regions of the largest dead Russians
receive orcs Buryatia Tula Dagestan and
why didn’t die from Moscow from why Sims
take the map as the basis Brutus Tuvans
Dagestanis and Buryats don’t you think that
I’m throwing you a TV you have shitty
Akans from
information even how many dead you have
if  don’t pay attention to the reset, but
these on the Internet are purely objectively
small garbage, this is
hefty Russia [ __ ] look at the
population in terms of military military power, as
if here you can understand everything yourself again,
here I am, I asked a clear question why they
are doing analytics  the number of people who died
there chairs Dagestan in Buryatia on Cain the
number of people is an order of
magnitude greater than in Moscow Moscow is almost non-existent and  bra of
Muscovites so far because that one from this
analytics is less crap why
Muscovites and St. Petersburg people do not go to fight in
Ukraine,
they go
separately, we look here, it turns out according to the
losses of the army
that is why
it turns out the Russians throw you like meat
for slaughter, so instead of these glamorous
boys there from St. Petersburg from Moscow,
because we are second-class corals for them, both are
excellent because you have questionable
statistics if I leave for some
informant, tell me how much
you have those who died on the tour
if we have doubts this is a fairy tale
to live and correctly 120 people twenty
twenty how recently more were already carrying
20 x 20 dead on the list from the screams of
February 20 dead and during the
war in Afghanistan how many dead in
Tuva was the
Soviet Union  green dick knows
in my opinion a few of our three or
four were asking nothing, you
mean no winter outback  initially, the
Thais spoke a little high from the knock, and you
[ __ ] macron were then fat
Khakasses from Khakassia, look, look, there is
such a place in Russia, Altai, probably the Altai
Territory, yes, it was recognized that there
is a nationality there, it turns out the flag,
its anthem, this is the republic to the
nationality of which  you have a knife there
different normally [ __ ] mouth Altaians Altais a
glass of fighters
yes yes there are
Altaians yes there is such a people Czech
indigenous people Altai before the battle it was
Altaians so
enough about they Turin means no we
just agreed with you so that you do
n’t [ __ ] say what they have  and the spit doesn’t suit
you, you called the second nationality cinnamon
well, so you Altaians will return
alltots and you were once conquered
by the Russians,
so why would you live in peace with them, well, as
in protection, how did you appear in the Russian
empire,
Genghis Khan brought little Genghis Khan
to us  you were part of the Mongol
empire there, but where the whole world is probably in the
Mongol one, you understand that but
let's start from ancient times  it’s interesting
to get water when this is all to develop
this tribes tribes
they won’t [ __ ] say when they fire their own,
but here the tribes are much darker than we
could than 30 kilometers away from here,
it was already decided later, well, here we are with
this belt where we stayed  live there, that
is, settled in russia in the world became
part of the russian federation escape from
you ended up in the russian empire
we are friends conquered you really don’t
[ __ ] conquer challenges it was conquered before
settled by Russians yes tell you and on the
new land that’s when in what year
you  they told him where his face was that in the form of
ours,
your ancestors once conquered you
and cut you out like this, and now they are leaving you to
conquer new nations,
but in general farted Ukraine and
[laughter]
doll Ukraine who, like, joked on
speech skills and athletes and not just
some jokes, you know  like a child with the
fifth grade we had jokes in this
class you were like that and there they saw
laughing thought it was funny
to speak Russian now  Raine,
because if you love Ukrainian with you,
you won’t understand,
you see this
matter is that, for example, if I’m
talking
not just Russians, don’t
like Ukrainians, they
catch [ __ ] castrated, they kill
varicocele, by the way, yesterday I was
walking a video just some
Kalmyks of yours  Buryats who
castrated cool Ukrainian captivity there is a
video this is vendetta vendetta yes, but someone, on the
contrary, didn’t see it,
return to the frame, this is a wall, only the light
will complete, then they were scared in the eyes of their
mothers and turn this so that the eyes are
inside the delivery or is there
usually
eye to eye look because  what if
you have the honor of how it is
look eye to eye here we are when
we say so understand and honor and I look I'm
not afraid look what then if you
talk about it you shoot in the back of the head
[ __ ] they don't shoot anyone at all
let's still I'm sitting here with  you say you
understand what kind of circles here you are who you are
not Russian you are Altaians of
wounds you are Russians not Russians my dad is
Russian that show who the dad is Russian  I think it looks like pa pa Russian mom secretly yes and you who are not here it was scratching to its path and not a military man I see this this is not a boy why not a military man I sign a contract at the moment not yet a military one, that is, until you are preparing to become orcs and why cancer because short sprouted you come to fight a foreign country to capture arches of an inhuman essence such [ __ ] it’s still better than the fascists you have not so you and the arches and the fascists understand you come you hate the wedge power you even jokes there crests lettuce from you call names and another nation to call them orcs.
look at the people who attack our country of this brew, yes, for example, a grandmother who is sitting somewhere in the Altai Territory sells a seed she is not an org and you are an org you consider yourself a Ukrainian, that is, you are now considered by the law we don’t consider why not, but for some reason you consider yourself stockings, so if you think you are considered and I don’t consider myself crests my nationality is called Ukrainian no it’s all the beginning that’s what the war started, let’s what she will tell the beggar interesting such love is right but what can I say February 26, 2014 russia attacked ukraine captured russian soldiers captured the parliament of crimea because crimea is ours why is crimea yours because and then be an eternity in the frame let's talk about yeltsin what he sold on years but none of us keep charging elkin in the 90s so type came 80-90 cream was made up and why alpha my conversation partner I went away
because I'm not really political in politics, you do
n't rummage well, the contract I'm just
patriot patriot very strongly fought
patriot show yourself to hold on and
look at your eyes you are half Altaian half
Russian I don't want to look at these eyes
why are you afraid, otherwise your people are there
someone of your people
so  look me in the eyes and tell me the
noises and the people are fascist why would
you if he is a load
yes yes yes yes cleverly and in such a c it’s just
incredible to remove such images of Russia
and brush two
Altai sit down briefly on one
Altaian flu Altaians brush and
tell what they are  Russian
seasons will fight there blah-blah-blah and
so on, of course, food similar to
these, having saved the type of niches, the new index of the
bespalous surrender chip about twinset
rivers are shorter than wines
already
sort of an account for metals like the hero of Russia, I
’ll drag the wines shorter than Vlas bracers, but in the
former 34
Nazis, so meanders are 100 shorter than 60 from
there, the floor on them is Russian  there are only dude
34 people are not stabbed to death it is necessary somehow shorter than the
scepter bobul risotto tactic in quiet
christmas hat didn’t wake up twitched
at the window there are steep slopes 34 found
against viv shorter well damn, such a fairy tale
from the whipped series put the director with
funny sean myth-making cool
scarlet  axis axis the court is not paired with him here I
take the stars for the show in Russian so that the
Russians understand this is also the Russian people of
Russia this is the essence of the empire that the empire
captures the peoples
makes them biological material
that throws them to conquer new
people these Altaians
what business do they need Ukraine in  the empires of the
period make their Russians themselves some kind of
over without a family, without a tribe, throws them to
conquer new peoples in Ukraine under the
guise of
fascism, Nazism, shake nonsense, throw
their heads on them, and
with the help of new peoples, then the capture is
here, but since in the days of the
USSR they were thrown into Afghanistan  there in the action of the
baltic countries from ukraine from moldova from loads he
loves jean armenia so all these peoples
from the cast  went to war in Afghanistan, the window for the
conquest of new territories
for the empire is now the territory of the empire is
even smaller and it throws all these
republics to us Dagestanis into Chechens
Kadyrovtsy, let's say when the forests tell me the
Chechen
knife to be cleared and there are the right ones that are
against Kadyrov this Severus is not and the
cystitis of the crowns is shorter take  these
Altaians and a scythe, and so on, they are thrown
here to conquer Ukraine,
therefore, all these
peoples in the Russian empire, which is
now called the Russian Federation,
think
patches you are used as cannon fodder
your peoples degenerate
Russians toys
exterminate your peoples
you are thrown cannon fodder to conquer
new ones think
straight  and ointment to
sew comments
natela gram
from huskies glory to ukraine